Refactor documentation to align with LF Energy project description (#1733)
Deltares/rtc-tools: README.md

# RTC-Tools

## Project Overview

RTC-Tools is an open-source Python framework designed to model, simulate, and optimize time-dependent systems with interconnected components. It is part of [LF Energy](https://lfenergy.org/).

## Project Description

RTC-Tools provides a modular and extensible platform for operational optimization and control of complex systems across multiple domains, with a primary focus on water management and energy systems. Originally initiated at [Deltares](https://www.deltares.nl/) in 2015, RTC-Tools is deployed for water and power trading applications across the globe, across North and South America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.

### Application Domains

- **Water Management**: Model-predictive control of canals, polders, reservoirs, hydropower scheduling, and pumped storage systems, including turbines, pumps, weirs, and other hydraulic structures.

> - **Energy Systems**: Battery energy storage system (BESS) optimization, power trading, and multi-energy system planning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Energy Systems**: Battery energy storage system (BESS) optimization, power trading, heat network design, and multi-energy system planning.
```

## Support

### Community Support

For questions, issues, and discussions, please use:
- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/rtc-tools/rtc-tools/issues) for bug reports and feature requests
- [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/rtc-tools/rtc-tools/discussions) for questions and community discussions

### Commercial Support

For applications in water management, [Deltares](https://www.deltares.nl/) offers commercial support.

For applications in power trading and battery energy storage systems (BESS), [PortfolioEnergy](https://www.portfolioenergy.com/) offers commercial support.

## Governance & Roadmap

RTC-Tools development follows an open governance model. To learn more about the project roadmap and contribute to future development:

- Review the [roadmap discussion](https://github.com/rtc-tools/rtc-tools/discussions/1725)
- Check [project milestones](https://github.com/rtc-tools/rtc-tools/milestones)
- Watch the [feature overview video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAuQ5ft8vr4)
- See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines

## Ecosystem & Collaboration

> RTC-Tools is part of the LF Energy ecosystem and welcomes collaboration from researchers, practitioners, and organizations working on optimization and control of water and energy systems. We encourage the development of extensions, modeling libraries, and integrations that expand the capabilities and reach of the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RTC-Tools is part of the LF Energy ecosystem and actively welcomes collaboration from researchers, practitioners, and organizations working on optimization, as well as applied domains such as water and energy system control. We encourage contributions that extend the framework’s capabilities—such as new modeling libraries, integrations, and advanced extensions—to broaden its reach and impact.
```
